now this is gonna be a little difficult
so stay with me how much does your life
way imagine for a second than you're
carrying a backpack I want you to pack
it with all the stuff that you have in
your life you start with the little
things things on shelves and drawers the
knickknacks you start adding larger
stuff clothes take the top appliances
Lance your TV backpack should be getting
pretty heavy now you go bigger the couch
your car your home I want you to stuff
it all into that backpack now I want you
to fill it with people start with casual
acquaintances friends of friends folks
around the office and then you move into
the people that you trust with your most
intimate secrets
brothers your sisters your children
parents and finally your husband your
wife boyfriend your girlfriend get them
into that backpack feel the weight of
that bag
make no mistake your relationships are
the heaviest components in your life all
those negotiations and arguments and
secrets compromising the slower we move
the faster we die
make no mistake moving is living some
animals were meant to carry each other
to live symbiotically over a lifetime
star-crossed lovers monogamous swans
we are not swans
we're sharks
[Music]